# Optimization of a delivery network

Through this programming project, we will focus on optimizing a transportation network. The problem statement is as follows: Consider a road network consisting of cities and routes between the cities. The objective of the project will be to construct a delivery network capable of covering a set of routes between two cities with trucks. The difficulty lies in the fact that each route has a minimum power requirement, meaning a truck can only use this route if its power is greater than or equal to the route's minimum power requirement. Therefore, we need to determine for each pair of cities if a truck with a given power can find a possible path between these two cities; then, optimize the fleet of trucks to be purchased based on the routes to be covered.

The road network is represented by an undirected graph G = (V, E). The set of vertices V corresponds to the set of cities. The set of edges E corresponds to the set of existing routes between two cities. Each edge e in E is associated with a value (or weight) p ≥ 0, which is called the minimum power of the edge e, representing the minimum power required for a truck to pass through route e. Each edge e in E is also associated with a second value > 0 representing the distance between the two vertex cities on edge e.

We consider a set T of routes, where each route t is a pair of two distinct cities, i.e., t = (v, v0) where v ∈ V, v0 ∈ V. The set T represents the set of city pairs (v, v0) for which we want to have a truck that can transport between v and v0. Note that the graph is undirected and we do not distinguish the direction of the route. Each route t is also associated with a profit (or utility) ut ≥ 0, which will be earned by the delivery company if route t is covered.

Finally, the transportation is done by trucks. Each truck (denoted as K) has a power p and costs a price c. Transport on a route t = (v, v0) in T will be possible if and only if we can find in the graph G a path from v to v0 where the minimum power of each edge is less than or equal to p (i.e., the truck has sufficient power to pass everywhere on the path). It is then said that route t can be covered by the truck K considered.

To best address the problem, which is to maximize a company's profit based on the profit brought by each route and the cost of each truck depending on its power, we proceeded in two main parts: the implementation of algorithms to find the minimum power to travel a route; and the optimization of truck acquisition based on a list of routes associated with a profit.
